Skip to content



SeniorCareConnect (2)
Files
Commands
Search
Packager files
Config files
/

Databases
Development Database
29.7MB / 10GB
Billing Period
Renews monthly, Oct 10
Hours of Compute Used
0 hours
40s
 • 
Just now
Add foundational UI components and page structure
Check footer, contact, and logos work
4 / 5

5 messages & 55 actions
Now I'll create an enhanced homepage using the reference content while keeping your existing navigation and footer. Let me build a dedicated homepage that incorporates the best elements from the reference.
Checkpoint made
21 minutes ago
Add a new landing page for the community platform
16 minutes of work
please update our color style and pallette to use this - #2761d8
#373f5a
#262b35
#0d404c. - also i am not seeing the hero image on the homepage. - the main images for Gardens at Columbine and Stonebridge Senior are also broken

21 minutes ago

3 messages & 50 actions
I'll help you update the color palette and fix the broken images. Let me start by examining the current color setup and investigating the image issues.
Checkpoint made
10 minutes ago
Update website color scheme and fix broken images on multiple pages
10 minutes of work
Updated our footer and contact pages with our real address and phone number - 8100 E Arapahoe Road, Suite 208 Centennial, CO 80112
(303) 436-2300 info@stagesenior.com as well as our logo with standard and invert where appropraite for nav and footer
10 minutes ago

2 messages & 52 actions
I'll help you update the footer and contact pages with your real business information and logos. Let me start by creating a task plan and finding the relevant files.
Checkpoint made
just now
Update website with current contact information and branding assets
8 minutes of work
logos all seem broken still in nav and footer

Just now
Working..

Scroll to latest
Queue
please update copyright fotoer with correct auto updating year, - Stage Management, LLC. All Rights Reserved. - and then create and link to real Privacy, Terms and Accessibility pages. -- also add this logo and link to https://ashaliving.org/ in that same copywrite soon. - please add Respite Care to all communities as a service. - on homepage can we update our cards to a beautiful carosaol for the commniities like the attached. --- we want each community to have their own phone numbers listed on their specific pages and cards - only on the main stage pages should the stage senior number be listed
1
Next

Make, test, iterate…

Build
SeniorCareConnect (2) - Replit
